[WIP] Add React Context (#87)
component-driven/component-driven-development: src/exercises/2-5-Context/Readme.md

```jsx static
import { useDialogState } from './Dialog';
import Prompt from './Prompt';

const [name, setName] = React.useState('');
const dialog = useDialogState();

<>
  <Prompt
    {...dialog}
    title="The universe asks"
    message="What’s your name, yo?"
    defaultValue="Incognito"
    onSubmit={setName}
  />
  <p>Name: {name || 'Incognito'}</p>
  <button onClick={dialog.onOpen}>Ask name</button>
</>;
```

Remember the `window.prompt` API? All we have to do it to call a single function, and save the result in a variable:

```js static
const name = window.prompt('What’s your name, yo?', 'Incognito');
```

What if we can have a similar API for our `Prompt` component? We can achieve similar simplicity and convenience by using React Context and async/await:

```jsx static
import { useDialog } from './Dialog';

const { prompt } = useDialog();
const [name, setName] = React.useState('');

<>
  <p>Name: {name || 'Incognito'}</p>
  <button
    onClick={async () => {
      const name = await prompt('What’s your name, yo?', 'Incognito');
      setName(name);
    }}
  >
    Ask name
  </button>
</>;
```

> The most tricky part here is the provider. For simplicity we’ll only support one dialog at a time, and a new modal will kill a dialog that’s already open:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most tricky part here is the provider. For simplicity, we’ll only allow one dialog at a time. So every time a new dialog is about to show, will close currently open dialog:
```

```jsx static
export const DialogContext = React.createContext({});

function DialogProvider({ chidlren }) {
  const [dialog, setDialog] = React.useState(null);

  function openDialog(dialog) {
    setDialog(dialog);
  }

  function closeDialog() {
    setDialog(null);
  }

  return (
    <DialogContext.Provider
      value={{
        openDialog,
        closeDialog
      }}
    >
      {children}
      {dialog}
    </DialogContext.Provider>
  );
}
```

> We need to wrap our app into this provider to have acces to the context in our components. We can already use the context directly to show modals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to wrap our app into this provider to have access to this context in our components. We could use the context directly to show modals:
```
```suggestion
We need to wrap our app into this provider to have acces to the context in our components. We can already use the context directly to show modals:
```

```jsx static
import { DialogContext } from './Dialog';
import Prompt from './Prompt';

const [name, setName] = React.useState('');

> const dialog = React.useContext(DialogContext);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { openDialog, closeDialog } = React.useContext(DialogContext);
```
